README.md, before:

# README
Recipe Exchange

A social network for cooks.

Demo project for decomposition of monolith into services.


## Dependencies

brew install imagemagick, postgresql


You might have to do

```
brew unlink imagemagick
brew install imagemagick@6 && brew link imagemagick@6 --force

```

Install FAE - Rails CMS engine

```
rails g fae:install
```

Then seed the users for FAE
```
rails fae:seed_db
```

Steps I used to create application:

```
rails generate devise:install
rails generate devise Webser
rails db:migrate
```

Next I had to customize Devise to get it to play nicely with FAE and the needs of the application to have its own web user sign up process. This will be an area that will be addressed more deeply when the user management is spun out into its own services.

see ApplicationDeviseController and devise.rb for more of the changes.



## Process

* Document what I'm doing for a future blog post
* Build a Rails monolith
* Break it up into a handful of services
* Use some fun new modern tools in the process

Commit message:

adding in some custom fielsds for registration process

README.md, after:

# README
Recipe Exchange

A social network for cooks.

Demo project for decomposition of monolith into services.


## Dependencies

brew install imagemagick, postgresql


You might have to do

```
brew unlink imagemagick
brew install imagemagick@6 && brew link imagemagick@6 --force

```

Install FAE - Rails CMS engine

```
rails g fae:install
```

Then seed the users for FAE
```
rails fae:seed_db
```

Steps I used to create application:

```
rails generate devise:install
rails generate devise Webser
rails db:migrate
```

Next I had to customize Devise to get it to play nicely with FAE and the needs of the application to have its own web user sign up process. This will be an area that will be addressed more deeply when the user management is spun out into its own services.

see ApplicationDeviseController and devise.rb for more of the changes.

Converted default devise from erb to slim

Layered on some bootsrap goodness


## Process

* Document what I'm doing for a future blog post
* Build a Rails monolith
* Break it up into a handful of services
* Use some fun new modern tools in the process
